A spin-off from the acclaimed Dishonored stealth adventures, Death of the Outsider pits popular background character Billie Lurk against the God-like figure at the centre of the first two titles. After Horizon: Zero Dawn, Life is Strange: Before the Storm and Uncharted: The Lost Legacy, it’s another big title with an intriguing female protagonist, and the putrid grandeur of this steampunk universe is always worth wallowing in.

In development for several years, the much-anticipated platform adventure boasts a thrillingly authentic 1930s cartoon aesthetic, inspired by the classic works of Disney and Fleischer Studios. The titular protagonist must explore a surreal world filled with bizarre, cavorting monsters while attempting to repay a debt to the devil. Playable alone or with a friend, expect a wild, unpredictable ride.


Four years ago, Indie developer Tom Francis built a huge fanbase for his excellent 2D stealth puzzler Gunpoint. Now he’s back with a top-down sci-fi strategy adventure, where players hijack a series of procedurally generated spacecraft, filled with enemies, gadgets and loot. Through the intricate interlocking systems, new challenges and adventures emerge in unpredictable and challenging ways making this a truly cerebral combat experience.


Not a zombie game, but a [scary maze game](http://scarymazezgame.org/) is a best games online for player – a miniaturised version of the legendary Super Nintendo Entertainment System which comes complete with 20 old favourites including Super Mario Bros, Yoshi’s Island and Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. For £70 you also get two controllers for those competitive Mario Kart and Street Fighter II sessions, and an HDMI cable so it’ll plug straight into your modern TV. Nintendo has even thrown in Star Fox II, the space shooter sequel that was never released at the time. A retro gaming feast.

Everyone expected a conventional fantasy hack’n’slash game when Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor arrived three years ago. Instead, the game’s ingenious Nemesis system, which gave enemy soldiers the ability to recall fights with the player and seek revenge, made it a truly engrossing and individual thriller. The sequel promises a more complex take on the Nemesis concept, as well as allowing you to build an army and partake in epic siege battles. 
